American to insure a medical
hate actually as and especially the
couch
the film is about my relationship
to my son jack that pretty much
strained we find it at jack in
moscow jogging again has noticed
that we have problems there drama
starts his own father here
nothing is lost it is fate that he
gets more difficulties in attracting
trouble with the patsche and the only one
person who could help him is his
alienated so their relationship still
not just in recent years but
they have to gather together and
clean table to survive
the most exciting for me that was
this time leaving the usa
we wanted an environment that
impressive looks many new
offers possibilities and from the john
not so easy we come out again
occur in budapest moscow and
chernobyl
you should not go to Chernobyl
that's exactly why we wanted
through the refined shots stunts
and kick is only the big one
aware of the bandwidth of the film
on the whole we come to a total of 55
cents on an area of ​​almost 50,000
square meter was probably that
biggest film team ever in budapest
whoever drives a lot is heavy
guns up
as you can see tonight combat vehicles and
helicopter into the valley kappel
the mi6 for me one of the stars of
us-sports endure 45 tons and 30,000
Four reinforce the creating action
the hammer so you can legally cars
Curls
beat up for him or with weapons
play and every day
it's better than sex sex as you can see
equal victory has a demanding experience
do not look out
we make slow for that
Twenty-first century cameras
are in the middle of the action
the audience will be amazed
It's a rousing dying slow
film all alone at you
Slowly die a good day to die
from 14 february only in cinema